Migrate documentation to readthedocs.io (#43)
keybase/bot-sshca: docs/best_practices.md

> # Best Practices

Author: These are new docs

Reviewer: love the idea of a best practices section

## Teams and Channels

The SSH CA bot user needs to have write access in all of the teams used for granting SSH access in order for it to
be able to store config files associated with each team. Since access to a team grants SSH access to servers, it is
recommended to minimize the number of users with admin or owner permissions in the teams. Individual users of kssh
only need to be given the read permission since they do not need to be able to edit or create files associated with
a team. 

It is also recommended to mute all notifications in the configured teams in order to minimize the number of notifications
you get. 

If you are using other bots in the same teams as the SSH CA bot (or if you wish to have normal conversation in those 
teams), you can use the `CHAT_CHANNEL` environment variable in order to configure a specific chat channel for all
SSH CA messages. 

## Network Isolation

Due to the highly sensitive nature of the SSH CA bot, it is recommended to configure firewalls in order to block all

> access to the server running the CA bot. It is not recommended to use the CA system to access the CA bot itself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
access to the server running the CA bot. It is not recommended to use kssh to access the server of the CA bot itself
```
